oh now I might look like some sort of
cyber Soldier freak but I'm telling you
we're just wearing some really cool VR
Tech that's going to be coming out
really really soon I mean look at
this and I still got the controller and
I can get back into the game this is all
of the crazy Tech that you can find at
the shiftall booth at CES and soon it's
going to be coming out for you guys
let's talk about what all of this stuff
is I just need to get it off of me first
we're going to talk about this sci-fi
Pac mule oat bag in a minute but what I
want to talk about first is two pretty
cool Innovations first the flip VR
controller that lets you do this and
you're back in the game one of the
biggest issues with VR adoption is the
inconvenience of getting in and out of
VR you find yourself moving stuff around
you're putting on a headset you're not
suddenly blocking out the world to solve
that issue we're seeing a lot of
development in mixed reality from
companies like meta and apple who are
basically trying to make it so that the
difference between the outside world and
the VR world are as seamless as possible
but you still have these pesky
controllers that you're going to deal
with but until hand tracking gets really
good for the time being you're going to
be stuck with controllers plus
controllers offer a whole host of
benefits like joysticks buttons for easy
movement pretty much every game you're
going to play is going to evolve a
controller and a lot of the times that
means you have to find a place to put
them if you're trying to take the
headset off it's just clumsy you have
these little thing they're dangling from
your wrists in An Inconvenient way but
you don't have to worry about that with
these controllers because the moment you
want to grab something else else you can
just flip them out of the way because
you're doing this kind of flipping
motion they've had to make a very heavy
duty hinge they've rated it for about
20,000 flips who knows how many that
will you will use in the lifespan I
imagine if you're playing a game it's
going to be really intermittent but for
me I've been having this problem of that
it's such a fun fidget toy that I just
have it in my hand I'm just like
constantly finding reasons to do this
over and over it still has all the same
inputs and capacitive buttons just like
the meta Quest touch controllers so you
have an AB button a menu button as well
as capacitive and analog triggers and as
you can see because of the nature of
this controller they've had to move a
lot of the tracking to the outside it's
kind of similar to like the knuckles
controllers where there's a lot of
sensors on the outside this isn't quite
final Hardware uh as you can see there's
still like holes in it with the infrared
sensors um those are going to be covered
up by transparent plastic uh but as it
stands I think it's a pretty cool
product and it's also adjustable very
slightly for like hand size so if you're
somebody with like longer thumbs or
shorter hands you can pull and adjust
and it's more comfortable as as well as
you can adjust how far back and how far
forward the joyad and connections lie
now I think the control advancements are
pretty cool but I'm also really
impressed by the megx super light but
before I try this thing on why don't we
flip to our
sponsor thanks to be quiet for
sponsoring our 2024 CES coverage if
you're shopping for your next PC build
or just new components in general make
sure to check out be quiet their premium
products include power supplies case
fans PC cases for said case fans
all-in-one water coolers and high
performance air coolers with fruits in
Germany they've been in the industry for
more than 20 years and specialize in
making high quality parts that are hard
to hear be quiet this year at CES
they're showcasing new white PC cases
white fans and even white hard drive
cages step into the world of quiet
cooling with be quiet at the link down
below this is going to be their new
generation for 2024 for their megx line
of headsets and as you can see it's
really small you may have seen our video
on LT about the big screen Beyond it is
a absolutely tiny headset that weighs
just 127 G but to get that weight there
was a lot of sacrifices that had to be
made for example you need to get a
custommade face cushion that you can't
really replace that easily you also
needed to use stick on lenses there's no
diopter options for adjusting for
different prescriptions for people's
Vision there was also no way to adjust
your ipd that's your in pupilary
distance basically how far your eyes are
apart what the meon X does is that
allows all of those conveniences that
makes the headset a lot more
sharable and puts them in we have a
swappable gasket we have a diopter
adjustment it's not working on this
prototype currently as well as we have
adjustable ipd so that you can actually
share your headset which was probably
the biggest weakness of the big screen
Beyond was that it was kind of for you
and only you and they're able to do that
while still targeting a very small and
very comfortable form factor and and a
weight of just 250 g each eye contains a
2600x 2600 micro OLED display very
similar to the ones that are in the big
screen Beyond but unlike the ones in the
big screen Beyond these are 1.3 in which
means they're larger why does that
matter well when you're trying to take a
small like postage stamp size display
and expand it to consume the whole field
of view of a for the user that requires
intense Optics and doing a lot of hard
work with Optics causes internal
reflection which can result in chromatic
aberration and fringing on colors as
well as it means you lose a lot of light
from your display like in the big screen
beyond for example the actual brightness
of the OLED display is in the thousands
of nits but what gets to your eyes is
around 100 so they lose 90% of their
light bouncing stuff around a bigger
screen means you're not you're doing
less bending and warping of that light
to make sure it gets to the user now
they quote that it's going to be above a
100 Feld of view they're not really
going to disclose that information
currently field of view is actually
pretty difficult to like measure it can
mean a lot of different things
especially if you have a flat display
versus a display that's in the headset
at an angle from my Impressions after
wearing it to me it feels a bit wider
than the big screen Beyond to be fair I
have not had an opportunity to adjust
the ipd or the diopters so I'm not going
to talk a ton about Focus or like stuff
like that but honestly with the same
kind of high resolution that we're
seeing on the big screen beyond the
screen door effect basically is
negligible motion Clarity from this test
right now feels really solid there's not
a ton of blur and also there's a decent
amount of brightness it's not the
brightest display I don't know what they
have if they can crank it higher I don't
know what the limits are for me while
it's not quite as comfortable as the
bespoke fit of the big screen Beyond I
think with maybe a nice foam gasket I
usually tend to prefer those I would
honestly be able to wear this for a
really long time the snow looks so good
on the OLED there like no bloom or
anything like that at the edges of the
display obviously there's a little bit
of color fringing but yeah man I'm so
excited for VR to get like actually this
good I've been uh waiting for VR to be
good for a long time I say this as an
Enthusiast somebody who really enjoys
their time in VR there's a lot of
problems and the level of convenience
that stuff like this is providing is
really cool but it is kind of coming at
a cost this headset is going to be under
$1,700 is what they say I think they're
trying to Target more of the $1,200
region which still puts it in like very
pricey big screen Beyond territory the
controllers however are a little bit
more reasonably priced they're at $400
for a pair again it ain't cheap
especially when you can compare it to
say your index controllers or your quest
controllers this is all outside tracking
with we got base stations up here all
sorts of stuff but oh man I feel cool
when I do this but you know what I feel
a little bit less cool is uh when I'm we
wearing wearing this thing this thing is
called the Mew talk and the idea is that
if you're somebody who's like doing a
lot of hanging out in VR you're getting
excited you might be having a ton of fun
chatting with your friends and you're
pissing off your neighbors I'm talking
at this volume right now and if I put
this on you can't really hear me talking
that much anymore but inside it's not
just a noise blocking thing it's also a
microphone in itself a wireless mic
because it's noise blocking they've had
to make a couple of accommodations for
example there's a silicon gasket to keep
the noise in as well as inside there's a
foam material to catch all of that spit
so it doesn't just pull up in there I
don't think there's a way to cover up
the mouth that doesn't feel either
dystopian or fetishy you know this is
the kind of stuff I'd wear it at home
mostly a CES show floor is like the
worst case scenario for any sort of VR
headset because of like bass tracking is
so difficult and you can see by how well
this is keeping the tracking going that
it's actually really impressive if you
aren't that into VR you probably haven't
heard of shiftall but I think what
they're doing is really exciting and
you're probably going to hear their name
a lot more in the future speaking of the
future why don't you get subscribed to
short circuit and watch our future
coverage of CES there's going to be so
many cool videos we got so much Cool
Tech do it watch gosh